making docs ready for 2.0 (#335)
cogeotiff/rio-tiler: docs/intro.md

    >>> (256, 256)
```

> `COGReader` reader has other interesting features, please see [User Guide - Readers](/readers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `COGReader` class has other interesting features, please see [User Guide - Readers](/readers/).
```

    assert npy_tile.shape == (1, 256, 256)
```

Learn more about the **NumpyTile** specification [here](https://github.com/planetlabs/numpytiles-spec).

## `rio-tiler`'s magic: Partial reading

When the output image size, or the AOI is smaller than the input image, `GDAL` will try to
perform *decimated and/or spatial reads* on the raster source, minimizing the amount data to transfer. Because of this, performance will be optimal when the source format permits efficient partial reads.

> The Cloud Optimized GeoTIFF (COG) format is the **recommanded** format for rio-tiler because it's natively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Cloud-Optimized GeoTIFF (COG)](https://www.cogeo.org/) format is the **recommended** format for rio-tiler because it's natively:
```

- internally tiled
- has a header with a `map` of all the tiles
- can have internal overviews

> To learn more about efficiency of COG vs other file formats, checkout [this blog post](vincent_s2_jp2_cost).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about efficiency of COG vs other file formats, check out [this blog post](vincent_s2_jp2_cost).
```
